doc/samples: better clarification about runAsNonRoot and RunAsUser regards pod standards (#5941)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/best-practices/pod-security-standards.md

})
```

### After following the recommendations to be restricted my workload is not running (CreateContainerConfigError). What should I do?

If you are encountering errors similar to `Error: container has runAsNonRoot and image has non-numeric user` 
or `container has runAsNonRoot and image will run as root` that means that the image used does not have a non-zero numeric user defined, i.e.:

```shell
USER 65532:65532 
OR
USER 1001
```

Due to the `RunAsNonRoot` field being set to `true`, we need to force the user in the
container to a non-zero numeric user.

> It is recommended that the images used by your operator have a non-zero numeric user set in the image itself (similar to the example above).

Author: ```suggestion
It is recommended that the images used by your operator have a non-zero numeric user set in the image itself (similar to the example above). For further information check the note [Consider an explicit UID/GID](https://docs.docker.com/develop/develop-images/dockerfile_best-practices/#user) in the Dockerfile best practices guide.
```

> In vanilla Kubernetes you can also define the user via the security context configuration. (i.e. `RunAsUser: &[]int64{1000}[0],`). 

Author: ```suggestion
If your Operator will be distributed and used in vanilla Kubernetes clusters you can also sort the issue by defining the user via the security context configuration). (i.e. `RunAsUser: &[]int64{1000}[0],`). 
```

> It is important to note that defining the `RunAsUser` field will not work on K8s vendors like OpenShift, as the `RunAsUser` field violates the restricted-v2 SCC used by OpenShift. In this case the user will need to be defined in the image. 

Author: /hold I want see if we can improve a little this one/

> It is important to note that defining the `RunAsUser` field will not work on K8s vendors like OpenShift, as the `RunAsUser` field violates the restricted-v2 SCC used by OpenShift. In this case the user will need to be defined in the image. 

Author: ```suggestion
**NOTE** If your Operator will be distributed to other vendors please ensure that you check they have specific rules for Pod Security Admission.  For example, we know that if you use `RunAsUser` on OpenShift it will disqualify the Pod from their policy restricted-v2 SCC and values like 1001 would not work resulting in errors like `Leave the runAsUser field empty, or provide a value that falls within the specific user range for the namespace. provide a value in the ranges: [1000680000, 1000689999]`. Therefore, if you want your workloads running in namespaces labelled to enforce restricted you must leave empty this option and ensure that the image itself properly defines the UserID instead.  
```

> **NOTE** If your Operator will be distributed to other vendors please ensure that you check if they have specific rules for Pod Security Admission.  For example, we know that if you use `RunAsUser` on OpenShift it will disqualify the Pod from their restricted-v2 SCC policy and values like 1001 would not work resulting in errors like `Leave the runAsUser field empty, or provide a value that falls within the specific user range for the namespace. provide a value in the ranges: [1000680000, 1000689999]`. Therefore, if you want your workloads running in namespaces labelled to enforce restricted you must leave empty this option and ensure that the image itself properly defines the UserID instead.  

Author: ```suggestion

**NOTE** If your Operator will be distributed to other vendors please ensure that you check if they have specific rules for Pod Security Admission.  For example, we know that if you use `RunAsUser` on OpenShift it will disqualify the Pod from their restricted-v2 SCC policy and values like 1001 would not work resulting in errors like `Leave the runAsUser field empty, or provide a value that falls within the specific user range for the namespace. provide a value in the ranges: [1000680000, 1000689999]`. Therefore, if you want your workloads running in namespaces labelled to enforce restricted you must leave empty this option and ensure that the image itself properly defines the UserID instead.  
```

})
```

### After following the recommendations to be restricted my workload is not running (CreateContainerConfigError). What should I do?

If you are checking errors like `Error: container has runAsNonRoot and image has non-numeric user` 
or `container has runAsNonRoot and image will run as root` that means that the image used has not an user defined, i.e.:

```shell
USER 65532:65532 
OR
USER 1001
```

> Due to RunAsNonRoot field being set to true and we need to force the user in the
> container to a non-zero numeric user in order. However, if you are looking to provide solution 
> for K8s vendors like OpenShift be aware that your workload can not qualify for restricted-v2 SCC 
> if you set this value. In this way, if you are looking for distribute your Operator not only
> on vanilla Kubernetes would be recommended you change the image by setting a user. Otherwise,
> you can define the user via the security context configuration. (i.e. `RunAsUser: &[]int64{1000}[0],`).

Reviewer: Some rewording:
```suggestion
Due to the `RunAsNonRoot` field being set to `true`, we need to force the user in the
container to a non-zero numeric user.
It is recommended that the images used by your operator have a non-zero numeric user set in the image itself (similar to the example above).
In vanilla Kubernetes you can also define the user via the security context configuration. (i.e. `RunAsUser: &[]int64{1000}[0],`). 
It is important to note that defining the `RunAsUser` field will not work on K8s vendors like OpenShift, as the `RunAsUser` field violates the restricted-v2 SCC used by OpenShift. In this case the user will need to be defined in the image. 
```

Author: I think we can inded make it better see: https://github.com/docker-library/memcached/pull/79#issuecomment-1181044418 it seems a good practice for docker as well

> If your Operator will be distributed and used in vanilla Kubernetes clusters you can also sort the issue by defining the user via the security context configuration). (i.e. `RunAsUser: &[]int64{1000}[0],`). 

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
If your Operator will be distributed and used in vanilla Kubernetes clusters you can also fix the issue by defining the user via the security context configuration). (i.e. `RunAsUser: &[]int64{1000}[0],`). 
```

> **NOTE** If your Operator should work with specific vendors please ensure that you check if they have specific rules for Pod Security Admission.  For example, we know that if you use `RunAsUser` on OpenShift it will disqualify the Pod from their restricted-v2 SCC policy and values like `1001` results in errors like `Leave the runAsUser field empty, or provide a value that falls within the specific user range for the namespace provide a value in the ranges: [1000680000, 1000689999]`.  Therefore, if you want your workloads running in namespaces labeled to enforce restricted you must leave `runAsUser` field empty and ensure that the image itself properly defines the UserID instead.  

Author: ```suggestion
**NOTE** If your Operator should work with specific vendors please ensure that you check if they have specific rules for Pod Security Admission.  For example, we know that if you use `RunAsUser` on OpenShift it will disqualify the Pod from their restricted-v2 SCC. Therefore, if you want your workloads running in namespaces labeled to enforce restricted you must leave `RunAsUser` and `RunAsNonRoot` fields empty or if you want set  ``RunAsNonRoot``you must need to ensure that the image itself properly defines the UserID instead or 
```

> **NOTE** If your Operator will be distributed to other vendors please ensure that you check if they have specific rules for Pod Security Admission.  For example, we know that if you use `RunAsUser` on OpenShift it will disqualify the Pod from their restricted-v2 SCC policy and values like 1001 would not work resulting in errors like `Leave the runAsUser field empty, or provide a value that falls within the specific user range for the namespace. provide a value in the ranges: [1000680000, 1000689999]`. Therefore, if you want your workloads running in namespaces labelled to enforce restricted you must leave empty this option and ensure that the image itself properly defines the UserID instead.  

Author: ```suggestion
**NOTE** If your Operator should work with other vendors please ensure that you check if they have specific rules for Pod Security Admission.  For example, we know that if you use `RunAsUser` on OpenShift it will disqualify the Pod from their restricted-v2 SCC policy and values like `1001` would not work resulting in errors like `Leave the runAsUser field empty, or provide a value that falls within the specific user range for the namespace provide a value in the ranges: [1000680000, 1000689999]`.  Therefore, if you want your workloads running in namespaces labelled to enforce restricted you must leave `runAsUser` field empty and ensure that the image itself properly defines the UserID instead.  
```

> **NOTE** If your Operator should work with other vendors please ensure that you check if they have specific rules for Pod Security Admission.  For example, we know that if you use `RunAsUser` on OpenShift it will disqualify the Pod from their restricted-v2 SCC policy and values like `1001` would not work resulting in errors like `Leave the runAsUser field empty, or provide a value that falls within the specific user range for the namespace provide a value in the ranges: [1000680000, 1000689999]`.  Therefore, if you want your workloads running in namespaces labelled to enforce restricted you must leave `runAsUser` field empty and ensure that the image itself properly defines the UserID instead.  

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
**NOTE** If your Operator should work with specific vendors please ensure that you check if they have specific rules for Pod Security Admission.  For example, we know that if you use `RunAsUser` on OpenShift it will disqualify the Pod from their restricted-v2 SCC policy and values like `1001` result in errors like `Leave the runAsUser field empty, or provide a value that falls within the specific user range for the namespace provide a value in the ranges: [1000680000, 1000689999]`.  Therefore, if you want your workloads running in namespaces labeled to enforce restricted you must leave `runAsUser` field empty and ensure that the image itself properly defines the UserID instead.  
```
